doc: build: snippets: application required snippets (#68181)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/build/snippets/using.rst

   cmake -Sapp -Bbuild -DSNIPPET="snippet1;snippet2" [...]
   cmake --build build

Application required snippets
*****************************

> If an application always wants to be compiled with a given snippet, it
> can be added to that applications ``CMakeLists.txt`` file. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an application should always be compiled with a given snippet, it
can be added to that application's ``CMakeLists.txt`` file. For example:
```
